Add Reconciliation Engine docs (#1194)
DashFin-FarDb/financial-asset-relationship-db: docs/reconciliation-engine.md

```python
ReconciliationPlan(
    drift_type=str,                # e.g. "orphaned_running", "lock_lost"
    severity=Severity,
    actions=tuple[ActionType, ...],
    target_state=str,              # human-readable end state
    execution_mode=ExecutionMode,
    safety_state=ExecutionSafety,
    reason=str,
    metadata=dict[str, str | int | float | bool | None],
    created_at=datetime,           # timezone-aware UTC
)
```

### `DriftEvaluator` protocol

```python
class DriftEvaluator(Protocol):
    def evaluate_drift(
        self,
    ) -> tuple[str, Severity, dict[str, str | int | float | bool | None]]:
        ...
```

Implementations return the drift type, severity, and a metadata dict. The
engine treats `ValueError` from the evaluator as a fatal invariant violation and
re-raises; any other exception is converted into a `CRITICAL` /
`ALERT_ONLY` / `MANUAL` plan with `safety_state =
ExecutionSafety.EVALUATION_FAILED`.

### `ReconciliationEngine`

```python
engine = ReconciliationEngine(
    evaluator=evaluator,
    enable_automatic_execution=False,
)
plan = engine.generate_reconciliation_plan()
marked `DEFERRED` instead of `AUTOMATIC`. It does not gate any other plan kind.

> 

Reviewer: This is an **Architect / Logical Review** comment left during a code review. These reviews are first-class, important findings — not optional suggestions. Do NOT dismiss this as a 'big architectural change' just because the title says architect review; most of these can be resolved with a small, localized fix once the intent is understood.

**Path:** docs/reconciliation-engine.md
**Line:** 82:89
**Comment:**
	*HIGH: The `ReconciliationEngine` usage example opens a Python code block but never closes it, so the explanatory sentence about `enable_automatic_execution` is rendered as part of the code block and appears as a dangling fragment, breaking the structure of this section and the readability of the rest of the document.

Validate the correctness of the flagged issue. If correct, How can I resolve this? If you propose a fix, implement it and please make it concise.
If a suggested approach is provided above, use it as the authoritative instruction. If no explicit code suggestion is given, you MUST still draft and apply your own minimal, localized fix — do not punt back with 'no suggestion provided, review manually'. Keep the change as small as possible: add a guard clause, gate on a loading state, reorder an await, wrap in a conditional, etc. Do not refactor surrounding code or expand scope beyond the finding.
Once fix is implemented, also check other comments on the same PR, and ask user if the user wants to fix the rest of the comments as well. if said yes, then fetch all the comments validate the correctness and implement a minimal fix

> `ALERT_ONLY` / `MANUAL` plan with `safety_state =
> ExecutionSafety.EVALUATION_FAILED`.
> 
> ### `ReconciliationEngine`
> 
> ```python
> engine = ReconciliationEngine(
>     evaluator=evaluator,
>     enable_automatic_execution=False,
> )
> plan = engine.generate_reconciliation_plan()
> marked `DEFERRED` instead of `AUTOMATIC`. It does not gate any other plan kind.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
engine = ReconciliationEngine(
    evaluator=evaluator,
    enable_automatic_execution=False,
)
plan = engine.generate_reconciliation_plan()
```

```

| any non-NONE | unknown drift type | any | `ALERT_ONLY` | `MANUAL` | `MANUAL_INVESTIGATION` |

¹ For `RESET_STATE` plans the execution mode is chosen by
`_create_reset_plan`: `HIGH` → `AUTOMATIC` if
`enable_automatic_execution=True`, otherwise `DEFERRED`; `MEDIUM` / `LOW` →
`DEFERRED`; anything else → `MANUAL`.

## `RebuildDriftEvaluator`

`src/logic/rebuild_drift_evaluator.py` adapts the existing rebuild-coordination
machinery (`src/logic/rebuild_failure_detection.detect_rebuild_inconsistency` + `src/data/distributed_lock.DistributedLock`) to the `DriftEvaluator` protocol.

```python
from src.data.distributed_lock import DistributedLock
from src.logic.rebuild_drift_evaluator import RebuildDriftEvaluator
from src.logic.reconciliation_engine import ReconciliationEngine

evaluator = RebuildDriftEvaluator(
    session_factory=SessionLocal,        # callable returning a SQLAlchemy Session
    lock=DistributedLock(...),
    runtime_has_active_executor=False,   # supplied by caller from runtime state
    lock_ttl_seconds=300,
)
engine = ReconciliationEngine(evaluator)
plan = engine.generate_reconciliation_plan()
```

> Behavioural notes (verified against `rebuild_drift_evaluator.py:60-141`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Behavioural notes (verified against the implementation of 
RebuildDriftEvaluator.evaluate_drift):
```

- Lock state is checked first via `lock.check_state()`. A `LockState.LOST`
  result short-circuits to `("lock_lost", CRITICAL, …)` and the rebuild job is
  not queried.
- `SQLAlchemyError` and `OSError` from the session factory or repository are
  caught and reported as `("persistence_unavailable", CRITICAL, …)`. Other
  database exceptions (including `ValueError` for multi-RUNNING integrity

>   violations) propagate unchanged so the engine treats them as fatal.

Reviewer: This is an **Architect / Logical Review** comment left during a code review. These reviews are first-class, important findings — not optional suggestions. Do NOT dismiss this as a 'big architectural change' just because the title says architect review; most of these can be resolved with a small, localized fix once the intent is understood.

**Path:** docs/reconciliation-engine.md
**Line:** 149:152
**Comment:**
	*HIGH: The behavioural note for `RebuildDriftEvaluator` states that non-`SQLAlchemyError`/`OSError` database exceptions (including `ValueError` integrity violations) propagate unchanged so the engine treats them as fatal, but `ReconciliationEngine.generate_reconciliation_plan()` only re-raises `ValueError` and converts all other exception types into explicit `EVALUATION_FAILED` plans; this contradicts the actual exception contract and the earlier engine description.

Validate the correctness of the flagged issue. If correct, How can I resolve this? If you propose a fix, implement it and please make it concise.
If a suggested approach is provided above, use it as the authoritative instruction. If no explicit code suggestion is given, you MUST still draft and apply your own minimal, localized fix — do not punt back with 'no suggestion provided, review manually'. Keep the change as small as possible: add a guard clause, gate on a loading state, reorder an await, wrap in a conditional, etc. Do not refactor surrounding code or expand scope beyond the finding.
Once fix is implemented, also check other comments on the same PR, and ask user if the user wants to fix the rest of the comments as well. if said yes, then fetch all the comments validate the correctness and implement a minimal fix
